today is the annual poultry workshop
being held for Volusia County kids who
are going to be showing in the fair so
they'll be taking a knowledge test
creating a record book and doing
showmanship having their animals judge
Carly will be teaching the kids how to
show their animals that is to
appropriately hold them and demonstrate
for the judge answer the code judges
questions at the fair
she'll be teaching them care of their
chickens identification of species and
color patterns and the parts of a
chicken I started showing about eight
years ago my club started with an
embryology project only hot chicks and I
really liked them it was really
interesting to me and so I just kept
showing chickens I started showing it
more shows around the state and I showed
at the State Fair I just learned a lot
about chickens and I really enjoy
raising them and showing them I think
the biggest part is they don't know what
to expect when they're first-time
exhibitor they've done it for a year you
know they learn what they're supposed to
do to prepare and take care of the
chickens what to do and showmanship what
to do is go fun but at first it's really
hard for them just because they have no
idea what to expect
he showed me some hearts of his
but it means the waddles
that's right all right I'm going to get
him back to you remember to always take
the first head first
come on slowpoke you're not really
scared are you
because after they would quite a four
section that was John that was in the
showing and I wanted
get my kids into it and because it
teaches responsibility sportsmanship it
teaches them how to interact with people
this is the one neat show
three other breeds sooner so to get a
name all apart
yeah
I am showing an angel
we're going to show ducks - that's not
eating a week ago